developed for the aerospace community
analytical graphics has produced a suite
of commercially available off-the-shelf
software products to support the
predator system by integrating the
predator system with other battlefield
land sea air and space assets AGI
technology provides operational
commanders with a tactical and strategic
intelligence necessary to exploit and
analyze battle space imagery optimized
military response time and increase
warfighter effectiveness with the
ability to monitor and target enemy
positions from the imagery analyst
interpreting surveillance imagery to the
field commander making informed
decisions on enemy capabilities a GIS
technology is ready to assist with all
phases of creditor missions mission plan
AGI software provides a highly precise
geodynamic engine that allows mission
planners to easily model predator routes
and determine line of sight for its
complex sensor package by calculating
this information dynamically through the
course of an analysis AGI software
develops a foundation to identify the
routes that offer the best opportunities
to collect images and intercept signals
perform automated trade studies on
predator routes to optimize collection
opportunities simulate sensor boresight
views from available imagery Maps
terrain and models predict the effects
of terrain and other constraints on
communication links understand the
target environment and enhance
intelligence preparation of the battle
space calculates performance of
navigation systems and the effects of
gps jamming systems evaluate radar
performance and explore dynamic sensor
collection coverage whether collecting
intelligence or providing strike support
a GIS in depth and litical capabilities
allow mission planners to optimize
sensor collection increasing the
likelihood of mission success real time
operations
with the ability to fuse predator flight
data within a display containing
spatially accurate 3d models of the
operating environment AGI software's
visual workflow provides both strategic
and tactical commanders with the ability
to understand and interpret results
quickly make faster better informed
decisions and analyze more data in less
time with improved quality AGI
technology further enhances situational
awareness for both pilot and payload
operators within a ground control
station by providing real-time support
to display real-time moving target
indicator data visualized live video
feeds by projecting captured imagery
with an accurate sensor footprints on
three dimensional terrain understand
precise location of platforms using
standard symbology identify available
links to communicate target locations to
conventional air platforms and provide
available navik uz for precision guided
munitions from real-time distribution of
imagery to frontline soldiers to
reconnaissance and interdiction AGI
technology can decrease the time between
finding and attacking targets post
mission analysis at the conclusion of an
operation a GIS technology is used to
examine predator missions by providing
analysts with the ability to recreate
flight paths from recorded data assess
overall mission success by fusing battle
damage assessment video with imagery and
accurate 3d elevation data examine
sensor footprints and swathes and
analyze dynamic coverage layers through
reports graphs animated scenes and
interactive files embedded with AGI
technology mission analysts can easily
communicate actionable material with
proven use in a wide range of
applications agi's commercial
off-the-shelf software suite is
immediately available to assist both
operational commanders and war fighters
with predator mission data visit AGI
calm and join the thousands of users
already benefiting from our technology
by requesting a complimentary copy of
our software today
you